W-11026177 Amazon S3 6.0 (#1946)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-s3/6.0/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-s3-connector-reference.adoc

= Amazon S3 Connector 6.0 Reference - Mule 4
:page-aliases: connectors::amazon/amazon-s3-connector-reference.adoc

Anypoint Connector for Amazon S3 (Amazon S3 Connector) provides connectivity to the Amazon S3 API, enabling you to interface with Amazon S3 to store objects, download and use data with other AWS services, and build applications that require internet storage.

[[config]]
== Configuration

Default Configuration for Amazon S3 Connector.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
|Name | String | Name for this configuration. Connectors reference the configuration with this name. | | x
| Connection a| <<Config_Connection, Connection>>
 | Connection types for this configuration. | | x
| Name a| String |  ID used to reference this configuration. |  | x
| Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before Mule considers it eligible for expiration.   |  |
|===

[[Config_Connection]]
=== Connection (S3) Connection Type

> Uses the S3 connection type, which covers both Basic and Role connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses the S3 connection type, which covers both the Basic and Role connections.
```

| Connection Timeout a| Number |  How long the connector waits before timing out when establishing a connection to the remote service. A value of `0` means infinity and is not recommended. |  `50` |
| Connection Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS | Time unit for the *Connection Timeout* field. |  `SECONDS` |
| Response Timeout a| Number | How long Mule waits for a response to complete before the request times out. |  `30` |
| Response Timeout Unit a| Enumeration, one of:

** NANOSECONDS
** MICROSECONDS
** MILLISECONDS
** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit for the *Response Timeout* field. |  `SECONDS` |
| Role a| <<Role>> |  Role configuration. |  |
| Region Endpoint a| String |  Topic region endpoint. |  `us-east-1` |
| Custom Service Endpoint a| String |  Sets a custom service endpoint. Useful when a non-standard service endpoint is required, such as a VPC endpoint. |  |
| Custom SQS Endpoint a| String |  Sets a custom SQS endpoint. Useful when a non-standard SQS endpoint (used by sources) is required, such as a VPC endpoint. |  |

> | Proxy Configuration a| <<ProxyConfiguration>> |  Proxy connection settings for outbound connections. This setting applies to the sources and checkpoint operation. It does not affect the put record operation. |  |

Reviewer: The operation names should be in the proper cases and bolded.

| TLS Configuration a| <<TLS>> | Configures TLS. If using the HTTPS protocol, you must configure TLS.  |  |
| Reconnection a| <<Reconnection>> |  Configures a reconnection strategy to use when a connector operation fails to connect to an external server. |  |
|===

== Sources

[IMPORTANT]

> You must perform additional configuration to use the sources provided by Amazon S3 Connector. Refer to the xref:amazon-s3-connector-config-topics.adoc#prereq[prerequisites] before configuring your sources.

Reviewer: I don't think you need this here since you have it in each source section.

Initiates a Mule flow when an object is deleted from an Amazon S3 bucket, and sends an SQS notification about the deleted object.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket Name a| String |  Name of the bucket to which the source listens for changes. |  | x
| Folder a| String |  Name of the folder in the specified bucket. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Determines whether to execute this source on only the primary node when running Mule instances in a cluster. |  |
| Scheduling Strategy a| scheduling-strategy |  Configures the scheduler that triggers the polling.|  | x
| Redelivery Policy a| <<RedeliveryPolicy>> |  Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message. |  |
| Queue Name a| String |  Amazon SQS queue name used to notify users when a new object is created or deleted in an S3 bucket. |  |

> | Configuration Name a| String |  Specifies the name of the notification configuration to use in the source. Notification configuration must exist and must be of Event Type 's3:ObjectCreated:*' with the *On New Object* source and of Event Type 's3:ObjectRemoved:*' with the *On Deleted Object* source. Configurations with events of the same type cannot have overlapping prefix or suffix configurations. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configuration Name a| String |  Specifies the name of the notification configuration to use in the source. The notification configuration must exist and must be of Event Type 's3:ObjectCreated:*' with the *On New Object* source and of Event Type 's3:ObjectRemoved:*' with the *On Deleted Object* source. Configurations with events of the same type cannot have overlapping prefix or suffix configurations. |  |
```

Initiates a Mule flow when an object is created in an Amazon S3 bucket, and sends an SQS notification about the new object.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket Name a| String |  Name of the bucket to which the source listens for changes. |  | x
| Folder a| String |  Name of the folder in the specified bucket. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Primary Node Only a| Boolean |  Determines whether to execute this source on only the primary node when running Mule instances in a cluster. |  |
| Scheduling Strategy a| scheduling-strategy |  Configures the scheduler that triggers the polling.|  | x
| Redelivery Policy a| <<RedeliveryPolicy>> |  Defines a policy for processing the redelivery of the same message. |  |
| Queue Name a| String |  Amazon SQS queue name used to notify users when a new object is created or deleted in an S3 bucket. |  |

> | Configuration Name a| String |  Specifies the name of the notification configuration to use in the source. Notification configuration must exist and must be of Event Type 's3:ObjectCreated:*' with the *On New Object* source and of Event Type 's3:ObjectRemoved:*' with the *On Deleted Object* source. Configurations with events of the same type cannot have overlapping prefix or suffix configurations. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Configuration Name a| String |  Specifies the name of the notification configuration to use in the source. The notification configuration must exist and must be of Event Type 's3:ObjectCreated:*' with the *On New Object* source and of Event Type 's3:ObjectRemoved:*' with the *On Deleted Object* source. Configurations with events of the same type cannot have overlapping prefix or suffix configurations. |  |
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Bucket name containing the multipart upload. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key for which the multipart upload is initiated. |  | x
| Upload Id a| String |  Upload ID that identifies the multipart upload. |  | x
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[CompleteMultipartUpload]]
=== Complete Multipart Upload
`<s3:complete-multipart-upload>`

Completes a multipart upload by assembling previously uploaded parts.

> You first initiate the multipart upload and then upload all parts using the *Upload Part* operation. After successfully uploading all relevant parts of an upload, call this action to complete the upload.

Reviewer: Which action? Do you omean the Complete Multipart Upload operation?

> Upon receiving this request, Amazon S3 concatenates all the parts in ascending order by part number to create a new object. In the *Complete Multipart Upload* request, you must provide the parts list. You must ensure that the parts list is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon receiving this request, Amazon S3 concatenates all the parts in ascending order by part number to create a new object. In the *Complete Multipart Upload* request, you must provide the parts list and ensure that it is complete.
```

> This action concatenates the parts that you provide in the list. For each part in the list, you must provide the part number and the ETag value, returned after that part is uploaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action concatenates the parts that you provide in the list. For each part in the list, you must provide the part number and ETag value, which is returned after that part is uploaded.
```

> Processing of a *Complete Multipart Upload* request could take several minutes to complete. After Amazon S3 begins processing the request, it sends an HTTP response header that specifies a `200` OK response. While processing is in progress, Amazon S3 periodically sends white space characters to keep the connection from timing out. Because a request could fail after the initial `200` OK response has been sent, it is important that you check the response body to determine whether the request succeeded.

Reviewer: I think that `200` OK should be `200 OK`
could > can

* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<CompleteMultipartUploadResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_UPLOAD
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[CopyObject]]
=== Copy Object
`<s3:copy-object>`

Creates a copy of an object that is already stored in Amazon S3.

You can store individual objects of up to 5 TB in Amazon S3. You create a copy of your object up to 5 GB in size in a single atomic action using this API. However, to copy an object greater than 5 GB, you must use the multipart upload *Upload Part - Copy API*. For more information, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/CopyingObjctsUsingRESTMPUapi.html[Copy Object Using the REST Multipart Upload API].

All copy requests must be authenticated. Additionally, you must have read access to the source object and write access to the destination bucket. For more information, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/RESTAuthentication.html[REST Authentication].

> Both the region that you want to copy the object from and the region that you want to copy the object to must be enabled for your account. A copy request might return an error when Amazon S3 receives the copy request or while Amazon S3 is copying the files. If the error occurs before the copy action starts, you receive a standard Amazon S3 error. If the error occurs during the copy operation, the error response is embedded in the `200` OK response. This means that a `200` OK response can contain either a success or an error.

Reviewer: global `200` OK > `200 OK`

> Both the region that you want to copy the object from and the region that you want to copy the object to must be enabled for your account. A copy request might return an error when Amazon S3 receives the copy request or while Amazon S3 is copying the files. If the error occurs before the copy action starts, you receive a standard Amazon S3 error. If the error occurs during the copy operation, the error response is embedded in the `200` OK response. This means that a `200` OK response can contain either a success or an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both the region that you want to copy the object from and the region that you want to copy the object to must be enabled for your account. A copy request might return an error when Amazon S3 receives the copy request or while Amazon S3 is copying the files. If the error occurs before the copy action starts, you receive a standard Amazon S3 error. If the error occurs during the copy operation, the error response is embedded in the `200` OK response. This means that a `200` OK response can indicate either success or an error.
```

> Design your application to parse the contents of the response and handle it appropriately. If the copy is successful, you receive a response with information about the copied object. If the request is an HTTP 1.1 request, the response is chunk encoded. If it is not, it does not contain the Content-Length, and you would need to read the entire body. The copy request charge is based on the storage class and region that you specify for the destination object. For pricing information, refer to http://aws.amazon.com/s3/pricing/[Amazon S3 pricing].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Design your application to parse the contents of the response and handle it appropriately. If the copy is successful, you receive a response with information about the copied object. If the request is an HTTP 1.1 request, the response is chunk encoded. Otherwise, it does not contain the Content-Length, and you must read the entire body. The copy request charge is based on the storage class and region that you specify for the destination object. For pricing information, refer to http://aws.amazon.com/s3/pricing/[Amazon S3 pricing].
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Source bucket name a| String | Name of the source bucket. |  | x
| Source object key a| String |  Name of the source key. |  | x
| Source version ID a| String |  Version ID of the source object. |  |
| Destination bucket name a| String | Name of the destination bucket. |  |
| Destination object key a| String |  Key of the destination object. |  |
| Destination ACL a| Enumeration, one of:

** PRIVATE
** PUBLIC_READ
** PUBLIC_READ_WRITE
** AWS_EXEC_READ
** AUTHENTICATED_READ
** BUCKET_OWNER_READ

> ** BUCKET_OWNER_FULL_CONTROL |  Access control list (ACL) settings of the copied object. ACL is not preserved and is set to private for the user making the request. To override the default ACL setting, specify a new ACL when generating a copy request.  |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** BUCKET_OWNER_FULL_CONTROL |  Access control list (ACL) settings of the copied object. The ACL is not preserved and is set to private for the user making the request. To override the default ACL setting, specify a new ACL when generating a copy request.  |  |
```

| Unmodified since a| DateTime |  Copies the object only if the object is not modified after the specified date. |  |
| Encryption a| String |  Specifies the appropriated encryption header. |  |
| ContentType a| String |  Standard MIME type describing the format of the object data. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<CopyObjectResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[CreateBucket]]
=== Create bucket
`<s3:create-bucket>`

> Creates a new S3 bucket. To create a bucket, you must register with Amazon S3 and have a valid AWS Access Key ID to authenticate requests. Anonymous requests are never allowed to create buckets. By creating the bucket, you become the bucket owner.

Reviewer: I would either change AWS Access Key ID to AWS access key ID.

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<CreateMultipartUploadResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[DeleteBucket]]
=== Delete bucket
`<s3:delete-bucket>`

Deletes the S3 bucket. All objects (including all object versions and delete markers) in the bucket must be deleted before the bucket itself can be deleted.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket Name a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_BUCKET
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[DeleteBucketCors]]
=== Delete Bucket Cors
`<s3:delete-bucket-cors>`

> Deletes the Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) configuration information set for the bucket. To use this operation, you must have permission to perform the s3:PutBucketCORS action. The bucket owner has this permission by default and can grant this permission to others.

Reviewer: Do you mean a specific operation instead of an action?

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[DeleteBucketLifecycleConfiguration]]
=== Delete Bucket Lifecycle Configuration
`<s3:delete-bucket-lifecycle-configuration>`

Deletes the lifecycle configuration from the specified bucket. Amazon S3 removes all the lifecycle configuration rules in the lifecycle subresource associated with the bucket. Your objects never expire, and Amazon S3 no longer automatically deletes any objects on the basis of rules contained in the deleted lifecycle configuration.

> To use this operation, you must have permission to perform the s3:PutLifecycleConfiguration action. By default, the bucket owner has this permission and the bucket owner can grant this permission to others.

Reviewer: Global - replace actions with a bolded operation name of this is an operation.

There is usually some time lag before lifecycle configuration deletion is fully propagated to all the Amazon S3 systems.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_LIFECYCLE_CONFIGURATION
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[DeleteBucketPolicy]]
=== Delete Bucket Policy
`<s3:delete-bucket-policy>`

> This implementation of the DELETE action uses the policy subresource to delete the policy of a specified bucket. If you are using an identity other than the root user of the AWS account that owns the bucket, the calling identity must have the DeleteBucketPolicy permissions on the specified bucket and must belong to the bucket owner's account to use this operation.

Reviewer: Should DeleteBucketPolicy be in back ticks?

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Bucket name containing the object. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key name to delete. |  | x
| Object version Id a| String |  Version ID used to reference a specific version of the object. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[DeleteObjects]]
=== Delete Objects
`<s3:delete-objects>`

Enables you to delete multiple objects from a bucket using a single HTTP request. If you know the object keys that you want to delete, then this operation provides a suitable alternative to sending individual delete requests, reducing per-request overhead.

> The request contains a list of up to 1000 keys that you want to delete. In the XML, you provide the object key names, and optionally, version IDs if you want to delete a specific version of the object from a versioning-enabled bucket. For each key, Amazon S3 performs a delete action and returns the result of that delete, success, or failure, in the response. Note that if the object specified in the request is not found, Amazon S3 returns the result as deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The request contains a list of up to 1000 keys that you want to delete. In the XML, you provide the object key names, and optionally, version IDs if you want to delete a specific version of the object from a versioning-enabled bucket. For each key, Amazon S3 performs a delete action and returns the result of that delete, success, or failure, in the response. If the object specified in the request is not found, Amazon S3 returns the result as deleted.
```

> The action supports two modes for the response: verbose and quiet. By default, the action uses the verbose mode in which the response includes the result of deletion of each key in your request. In quiet mode, the response includes only keys where the delete action encounters an error. For a successful deletion, the action does not return any information about the delete in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action supports two modes for the response: verbose and quiet. By default, the action uses the verbose mode, in which the response includes the result of deletion of each key in your request. In quiet mode, the response includes only keys where the delete action encounters an error. For a successful deletion, the action does not return any information about the delete in the response body.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<BucketWebsiteResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[GetObject]]
=== Get Object
`<s3:get-object>`

> Retrieves objects from Amazon S3. To use GET, you must have READ access to the object. If you grant READ access to the anonymous user, you can return the object without using an authorization header. If the object you are retrieving is stored in the S3 Glacier or S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class, or S3 Intelligent-Tiering Archive or S3 Intelligent-Tiering Deep Archive tiers, before you can retrieve the object you must first restore a copy using the *Restore Object* operation. Otherwise, this action returns an InvalidObjectState error. For more information about restoring archived objects, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/restoring-objects.html[Restoring Archived Objects].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves objects from Amazon S3. To use GET, you must have READ access to the object. If you grant READ access to the anonymous user, you can return the object without using an authorization header. If the object you are retrieving is stored in the S3 Glacier or S3 Glacier Deep Archive storage class, or S3 Intelligent-Tiering Archive or S3 Intelligent-Tiering Deep Archive tiers, before you can retrieve the object. you must first restore a copy using the *Restore Object* operation. Otherwise, this action returns an InvalidObjectState error. For more information about restoring archived objects, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/restoring-objects.html[Restoring Archived Objects].
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Bucket name containing the object. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key to get. |  | x

> | Part Number a| Number |  Part number of the object that is read. This is a positive integer between `1` and `10,000`. Effectively performs a ranged GET request for the part specified. Useful for downloading only a part of an object. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Part Number a| Number |  Part number of the object to read. This is a positive integer between `1` and `10,000`. Specifying this number effectively performs a ranged GET request for the part specified, which is useful for downloading only a part of an object. |  |
```

> | Range a| String |  Range of the bytes that are copied from the source object from the first byte to the last byte. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Range a| String |  Range of the bytes copied from the source object, from the first byte to the last byte. |  |
```

| Bucket name a| String |  Bucket name that contains the object for which to get the ACL information. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key for which to get the ACL information. |  | x
| Object version Id a| String |  Version ID used to reference a specific version of the object. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<GetObjectAclResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[GetObjectAttributes]]
=== Get Object Attributes
`<s3:get-object-attributes>`

> Retrieves all the metadata from an object without returning the object itself. This action is useful if you're interested only in an object's metadata. To use GetObjectAttributes, you must have READ access to the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves all the metadata from an object without returning the object itself. This action is useful if you're interested only in an object's metadata. To use this operation, you must have READ access to the object.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Bucket name containing the object. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key. |  | x
| Object version Id a| String |  Version ID used to reference a specific version of the object. |  |
| Object Attributes a| Enumeration, one of:

** E_TAG
** CHECKSUM
** OBJECT_PARTS
** STORAGE_CLASS
** OBJECT_SIZE |  Specifies the fields at the root level that you want returned to the response. Fields that you do not specify are not returned. |  | x
| Max Parts a| Number |  Sets the maximum number of parts to return. |  |

> | Part Number Marker a| Number |  Specifies the part after which listing begins. Parts only with higher part numbers are listed. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Part Number Marker a| Number |  Specifies the part after which listing begins. Only parts with higher part numbers are listed. |  |
```

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<GetObjectAttributesResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[HeadObject]]
=== Head Object
`<s3:head-object>`

> The HEAD action retrieves metadata from an object without returning the object itself. This action is useful if you are interested only in an object's metadata. To use HEAD, you must have READ access to the object. A HEAD request has the same options as a GET action on an object. The response is identical to the GET response except that there is no response body.

Reviewer: Where is the HEAD action documented? Is this an operation?

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Name of the bucket containing the object. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key. |  | x
| Object version Id a| String |  Version ID used to reference a specific version of the object. |  |

> | Part Number a| Number |  Part number of the object that is read. This is a positive integer between `1` and `10,000`. Effectively performs a ranged HEAD request for the part specified. Useful for querying the size of the part and the number of parts in the object. |  |

Reviewer: See my previous edit for Part Number - global if there are more occurrences.

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Matching ETag a| String |  Matches the object if its entity tag (ETag) matches the specified tag. |  |
| Not matching ETag a| String |  Matches the object if its entity tag (ETag) is different from the specified tag. |  |

> | Modified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it is modified since the specified time. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Modified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it was modified since the specified time. |  |
```

> | Unmodified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it is not modified since the specified time. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unmodified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it was not modified since the specified time. |  |
```

`<s3:list-buckets>`

Returns a list of all buckets owned by the authenticated sender of the request. To use this operation, you must have the s3:ListAllMyBuckets permission.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<ListBucketsResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_BUCKET
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[ListMultipartUploads]]
=== List Multipart Uploads
`<s3:list-multipart-uploads>`

> This action lists in-progress multipart uploads. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload that is initiated using the *Initiate Multipart Upload* request, but has not yet been completed or aborted. In the response, the uploads are sorted by key. If your application has initiated more than one multipart upload using the same object key, then uploads in the response are first sorted by key. Additionally, uploads are sorted in ascending order within each key by the upload initiation time. For information on permissions required to use the multipart upload API, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/mpuAndPermissions.html[Multipart Upload and Permissions].

Reviewer: action > operation???

> This action lists in-progress multipart uploads. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload that is initiated using the *Initiate Multipart Upload* request, but has not yet been completed or aborted. In the response, the uploads are sorted by key. If your application has initiated more than one multipart upload using the same object key, then uploads in the response are first sorted by key. Additionally, uploads are sorted in ascending order within each key by the upload initiation time. For information on permissions required to use the multipart upload API, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/mpuAndPermissions.html[Multipart Upload and Permissions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action lists in-progress multipart uploads. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload that is initiated using the *Initiate Multipart Upload* request, but has not yet been completed or aborted. In the response, the uploads are sorted by key. If your application has initiated more than one multipart upload using the same object key, then uploads in the response are first sorted by key. Additionally, uploads are sorted in ascending order within each key by the upload initiation time. For information about the permissions required to use the multipart upload API, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/mpuAndPermissions.html[Multipart Upload and Permissions].
```
```suggestion
This action lists in-progress multipart uploads. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload that is initiated using the *Initiate Multipart Upload* request, but that has not yet been completed or aborted. In the response, the uploads are sorted by key. If your application has initiated more than one multipart upload using the same object key, then uploads in the response are first sorted by key. Additionally, uploads are sorted in ascending order within each key by the upload initiation time. For information on permissions required to use the multipart upload API, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/mpuAndPermissions.html[Multipart Upload and Permissions].
```

> This action lists in-progress multipart uploads. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload that is initiated using the *Initiate Multipart Upload* request, but has not yet been completed or aborted. In the response, the uploads are sorted by key. If your application has initiated more than one multipart upload using the same object key, then uploads in the response are first sorted by key. Additionally, uploads are sorted in ascending order within each key by the upload initiation time. For information on permissions required to use the multipart upload API, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/mpuAndPermissions.html[Multipart Upload and Permissions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action lists in-progress multipart uploads. An in-progress multipart upload is a multipart upload that is initiated using the *Initiate Multipart Upload* request, but that has not yet completed or aborted. In the response, the uploads are sorted by key. If your application initiated more than one multipart upload using the same object key, then uploads in the response are first sorted by key and then sorted in ascending order within each key by the upload initiation time. For information about the permissions required to use the multipart upload API, refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/mpuAndPermissions.html[Multipart Upload and Permissions].
```

| Page Size a| Number |  Sets the page size of the response. | `1000` |
| Version Id Marker a| String |  Specifies the object version you want to start listing from. |  |
| Encoding Type a| Enumeration, one of:

** URL | Encoding type used by Amazon S3 to encode object keys in the response. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryIterable>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreIterable>>
* non-repeatable-iterable |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of <<ApiObjectVersion>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

[[ListObjects]]
=== List Objects
`<s3:list-objects>`

> Returns all objects in a bucket. You can use the request parameters as selection criteria to return a subset of the objects in a bucket. A `200` OK response can contain valid or invalid XML. Make sure to design your application to parse the contents of the response and handle it appropriately. Objects are returned sorted in an ascending order of the respective key names in the list. To use this operation, you must have READ access to the bucket. To use this action in an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy, you must have permissions to perform the s3:ListBucket action. The bucket owner has this permission by default and can grant this permission to others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all objects in a bucket. You can use the request parameters as selection criteria to return a subset of the objects in a bucket. A `200` OK response can contain valid or invalid XML. Make sure to design your application to parse the contents of the response and handle it appropriately. Objects are returned sorted in ascending order of the respective key names in the list. To use this operation, you must have READ access to the bucket. To use this action in an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy, you must have permissions to perform the s3:ListBucket action. The bucket owner has this permission by default and can grant this permission to others.
```

| Encoding Type a| Enumeration, one of:

** URL |  Encoding type used by Amazon S3 to encode object keys in the response. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryIterable>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreIterable>>
* non-repeatable-iterable |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of <<ApiS3Object>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:NO_SUCH_BUCKET
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[ListParts]]
=== List Multipart Parts
`<s3:list-parts>`

> Lists the parts that are uploaded for a specific multipart upload. This operation must include the upload ID, which you obtain by sending the initiate multipart upload request. Refer to https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/API_CreateMultipartUpload.html[CreateMultipartUpload] for more information.

Reviewer: Is initiate multipart upload an operation?

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Name of the bucket in which the multipart upload is initiated. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key for which the multipart upload is initiated. |  | x
| Upload ID a| String |  Upload ID identifying the multipart upload whose parts are listed. |  | x
| Page Size a| Number |  Sets the page size of the response. | `1000` |

> | Part number marker a| Number |  Specifies the part after which listing should begin. Parts only with higher part numbers are listed. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Part number marker a| Number |  Specifies the part after which listing should begin. Only parts with higher part numbers are listed. |  |
```

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Streaming Strategy a| * <<RepeatableInMemoryIterable>>
* <<RepeatableFileStoreIterable>>
* non-repeatable-iterable |  Configures how Mule processes streams. Repeatable streams are the default behavior. |  |
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |Array of <<ApiObjectPart>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

[[PutBucketAcl]]
=== Put Bucket Acl
`<s3:put-bucket-acl>`

> Sets the permissions on an existing bucket using access control lists (ACL). To set the ACL of a bucket, you must have the WRITE_ACP permission. You can use one of the following two ways to set a bucket's permissions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the permissions on an existing bucket using access control lists (ACLs). To set the ACL of a bucket, you must have the WRITE_ACP permission. You can set a bucket's permissions in one of two ways:
```

> * Specify the ACL in the request body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specify the ACL in the request body.
```

> * Specify permissions using request headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Specify permissions using request headers.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Grants a| Array of <<Grant>> |  List of grants for this bucket. |  |
| Owner Id a| String |  Canonical AWS ID of the owner. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[PutBucketCors]]
=== Put Bucket Cors
`<s3:put-bucket-cors>`

Sets the CORS configuration for your bucket. If the configuration exists, Amazon S3 replaces it.

> To use this operation, you must be allowed to perform the s3:PutBucketCORS action. By default, the bucket owner has this permission and can grant it to others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this operation, you need permission to perform the s3:PutBucketCORS action. By default, the bucket owner has this permission and can grant it to others.
```

> You set this configuration on a bucket so that the bucket can service cross-origin requests. For example, you might want to enable a request whose origin is \http://www.example.com to access your Amazon S3 bucket at \my.example.bucket.com by using the browser's XMLHttpRequest capability.

Reviewer: The URLS should be in back ticks with plusses (so they don't look like real links in the published output).

To enable cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) on a bucket, you add the CORS subresource to the bucket. The CORS subresource is an XML document in which you configure rules that identify origins and the HTTP methods that can be executed on your bucket. The document is limited to 64 KB in size. When Amazon S3 receives a cross-origin request (or a pre-flight OPTIONS request) against a bucket, it evaluates the CORS configuration on the bucket and uses the first CORSRule rule that matches the incoming browser request to enable a cross-origin request. For a rule to match, the following conditions must be met:

* The request's origin header must match the AllowedOrigin elements.

> * The request method (for example, GET, PUT, HEAD, and so on) or the Access-Control-Request-Method header in case of a pre-flight OPTIONS request must be one of the AllowedMethod elements. Every header specified in the Access-Control-Request-Headers request header of a pre-flight request must match an AllowedHeader element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The request method (for example, GET, PUT, HEAD, and so on) or the Access-Control-Request-Method header for a pre-flight OPTIONS request must be one of the AllowedMethod elements. Every header specified in the Access-Control-Request-Headers request header of a pre-flight request must match an AllowedHeader element.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Cors Rules a| Array of <<CorsRule>> |  List of CORS rules. |  | x
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[PutBucketLifecycleConfiguration]]
=== Put Bucket Lifecycle Configuration
`<s3:put-bucket-lifecycle-configuration>`

> Creates a new lifecycle configuration for the bucket or replaces an existing lifecycle configuration. Keep in mind that this overwrites an existing lifecycle configuration, so if you want to retain any configuration details, they must be included in the new lifecycle configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new lifecycle configuration for the bucket or replaces an existing lifecycle configuration. This action overwrites an existing lifecycle configuration, so if you want to retain any configuration details, include them in the new lifecycle configuration.
```

| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Bucket Tags a| Array of <<Tag>> | Bucket tags. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:INTERNAL_ERROR
* S3:MALFORMED_XML
* S3:OPERATION_ABORTED
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[PutBucketVersioning]]
=== Put Bucket Versioning
`<s3:put-bucket-versioning>`

Sets the versioning state of an existing bucket.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Versioning Status a| Enumeration, one of:

** Enabled
** Suspended a| Status of versioning for this bucket.

* Enabled
+
Enables versioning for the objects in the bucket. All objects added to the bucket receive a unique version ID.

* Suspended
+

> Disables versioning for the objects in the bucket. All objects added to the bucket receive a null version ID. If the versioning state has never been set on a bucket, it has no versioning state; a GetBucketVersioning request does not return a versioning state value. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disables versioning for the objects in the bucket. All objects added to the bucket receive a null version ID. If the versioning state has never been set on a bucket, it has no versioning state, so a GetBucketVersioning request does not return a versioning state value. |  |
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket a| String |  Name of the bucket. |  | x
| Website Config a| <<WebsiteConfiguration>> |  Website serving configuration. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[PutObject]]
=== Put Object
`<s3:put-object>`

Adds an object to a bucket. You must have WRITE permissions on a bucket to add an object to it. Amazon S3 never adds partial objects; if you receive a success response, Amazon S3 adds the entire object to the bucket.

> Amazon S3 is a distributed system. If it receives multiple write requests for the same object simultaneously, it overwrites all but the last object written. Amazon S3 does not provide object locking; if you need this, make sure to build it into your application layer or use versioning instead. To ensure that data is not corrupted traversing the network, use the Content-MD5 parameter. When you use this parameter, Amazon S3 checks the object against the provided MD5 value and, if they do not match, returns an error. Additionally, you can calculate the MD5 while putting an object to Amazon S3 and compare the returned ETag to the calculated MD5 value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon S3 is a distributed system. If it receives multiple write requests for the same object simultaneously, it overwrites all but the last object written. Amazon S3 does not provide object locking. If you need object locking, build it into your application layer or use versioning instead. To ensure that data is not corrupted traversing the network, use the Content-MD5 parameter. When you use this parameter, Amazon S3 checks the object against the provided MD5 value and, if they do not match, returns an error. Additionally, you can calculate the MD5 while putting an object to Amazon S3 and compare the returned ETag to the calculated MD5 value.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Bucket name to which the PUT action was initiated |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key for which the PUT action was initiated |  | x
| Content a| Any |  Content of the object to upload. |  `#[payload]` |
| Object ACL a| Enumeration, one of:

** PRIVATE
** PUBLIC_READ
** PUBLIC_READ_WRITE
** AWS_EXEC_READ
** AUTHENTICATED_READ
** BUCKET_OWNER_READ
** BUCKET_OWNER_FULL_CONTROL |  Canned ACL to apply to the object. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| User Metadata a| Object |  Custom user metadata. |  |
| Content Length a| Number |  Size of the body in bytes. This parameter is useful when the size of the body cannot be determined automatically. |  |
| Content Type a| String |  Standard MIME type describing the format of the contents. |  |
| Content Language a| String |  Language the content is in. |  |

> | Content Encoding a| String |  Specifies what content encodings are applied to the object and thus what decoding mechanisms must be applied to obtain the media-type referenced by the *Content Type* header field. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Content Encoding a| String |  Specifies what content encodings are applied to the object and thus what decoding mechanisms to apply to obtain the media-type referenced by the *Content Type* header field. |  |
```

> | Cache Control a| String |  Can be used to specify caching behavior along the request or reply chain. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cache Control a| String |  Specifies caching behavior along the request or reply chain. |  |
```

| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<RestoreObjectResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:GLACIER_EXPEDITED_RETRIEVAL_NOT_AVAILABLE
* S3:INVALID_OBJECT_STATE
* S3:NO_SUCH_KEY
* S3:OBJECT_ALREADY_IN_ACTIVE_TIER
* S3:RESTORE_ALREADY_IN_PROGRESS
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[SelectObjectContent]]
=== Select Object Content
`<s3:select-object-content>`

Filters the contents of an Amazon S3 object based on a simple structured query language (SQL) statement.

In the request, along with the SQL expression, you must also specify a data serialization format (JSON, CSV, or Apache Parquet) of the object. Amazon S3 uses this format to parse object data into records, and returns only records that match the specified SQL expression.

> You must also specify the data serialization format for the response. You can use Amazon S3 Select to query objects that have the following format properties: CSV, JSON, or Parquet. UTF-8 is the only encoding type Amazon S3 Select supports. CSV and JSON files can be compressed using GZIP or BZIP2. GZIP and BZIP2 are the only compression formats that Amazon S3 Select supports for CSV and JSON files. Amazon S3 Select supports columnar compression for Parquet using GZIP or Snappy. Amazon S3 Select does not support whole-object compression for Parquet objects.

Reviewer: You must also specify the data serialization format for the response. You can use the Amazon S3 Select Object operation to query objects formatted as CSV, JSON, or Parquet files. 

This operation supports the following compression types:

* GZIP and BZIP2 for CSV and JSON files
* Columnar compression for Parquet files using GZIP or Snappy

    The Amazon S3 Select Object operation does not support whole-object compression for Parquet files.

In this operation, you provide part data in your request. However, you have an option to specify your existing Amazon S3 object as a data source for the part you are uploading.

To upload a part from an existing object, you use the <<UploadPartCopy>> operation. You must initiate a multipart upload (refer to <<CreateMultipartUpload>>) before you can upload any part.

In response to your initiate request, Amazon S3 returns an upload ID and an unique identifier that you must include in your upload part request. Part numbers can be any number from 1 to 10,000, inclusive. A part number uniquely identifies a part and also defines its position within the object created. If you upload a new part using the same part number that is used with a previous part, the previously uploaded part is overwritten. Each part must be at least 5 MB in size, except the last part. There is no size limit on the last part of your multipart upload.

To ensure that data is not corrupted when traversing the network, specify the Content-MD5 header in the upload part request. Amazon S3 checks the part data against the provided MD5 value. If they do not match, Amazon S3 returns an error.

[NOTE]

> After you initiate a multipart upload and upload one or more parts, you must either complete or abort the multipart upload to stop getting charged for storage of the uploaded parts. After you either complete or abort the multipart upload, Amazon S3 frees up the parts storage and stops charging you for the parts storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you initiate a multipart upload and upload one or more parts, you must either complete or abort the multipart upload to stop getting charged for storing the uploaded parts. After you complete or abort the multipart upload, Amazon S3 frees up the parts storage and stops charging you for it.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Bucket name a| String |  Name of the bucket in which the multipart upload is initiated. |  | x
| Object key a| String |  Object key for which the multipart upload is initiated. |  | x
| Upload Id a| String |  Upload ID identifying the multipart upload whose part is uploaded. |  | x
| Part Number a| Number |  Part number of part uploaded. This is a positive integer between 1 and 10,000. |  | x
| Content a| Any |  Object data. |  | x

> | Content Length a| Number |  Size of the body in bytes. This parameter is useful when the size of the body cannot be determined automatically. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Content Length a| Number |  Size of the body in bytes. This field is useful when the size of the body cannot be determined automatically. |  |
```

| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Target Variable a| String |  Name of the variable that stores the operation's output. |  |
| Target Value a| String |  Expression that evaluates the operation’s output. The outcome of the expression is stored in the *Target Variable* field. |  `#[payload]` |
| Reconnection Strategy a| * <<Reconnect>>
* <<ReconnectForever>> |  Retry strategy in case of connectivity errors. |  |
|===

==== Output

[%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Type |<<UploadPartResponse>>
|===

==== Associated Configurations

* <<config>>

==== Throws

* S3:BAD_REQUEST
* S3:CONNECTIVITY
* S3:FORBIDDEN
* S3:RETRY_EXHAUSTED
* S3:S3_ERROR
* S3:SERVER_BUSY
* S3:SERVICE_ERROR

[[UploadPartCopy]]
=== Upload Part Copy
`<s3:upload-part-copy>`

> Uploads a part by copying data from an existing object as data source. The minimum allowable part size for a multipart upload is 5 MB. Instead of using an existing object as part data, you might use the <<UploadPart>> operation and provide data in your request. You must initiate a multipart upload before you can upload any part. Amazon S3 returns an unique identifier, the upload ID, that you must include in your upload part request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uploads a part by copying data from an existing object as data source. The minimum allowable part size for a multipart upload is 5 MB. Instead of using an existing object as part data, you can use the <<UploadPart>> operation and provide data in your request. You must initiate a multipart upload before you can upload a part. Amazon S3 returns a unique identifier, the upload ID, that you must include in your upload part request.
```

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | Name of the configuration to use. | | x
| Source bucket name a| String | Name of the source bucket. |  | x
| Source object key a| String |  Name of the source key. |  | x
| Destination bucket name a| String |  Bucket name. |  | x
| Destination object key a| String |  Object key for which the multipart upload is initiated. |  | x
| Upload Id a| String |  Upload ID identifying the multipart upload whose part is copied. |  | x
| Part number a| Number |  Part number of part copied. This is a positive integer between 1 and 10,000. |  | x
| Bytes range a| String |  Range of the bytes that are copied from the source object from the first byte to the last byte. |  |
| Config Ref a| ConfigurationProvider |  Name of the configuration to use to execute this component. |  | x
| Matching ETag a| String |  Matches the object if its entity tag (ETag) matches the specified tag. |  |
| Not matching ETag a| String |  Matches the object if its entity tag (ETag) is different from the specified tag. |  |

> | Modified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it is modified since the specified time. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Modified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it was modified since the specified time. |  |
```

> | Unmodified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it is not modified since the specified time. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unmodified since a| DateTime |  Matches the object if it was not modified since the specified time. |  |
```

|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Error Document Key a| String | Error document key. |  |
| Index Document Suffix a| String | Index document suffix. |  |
| Redirect All Requests To a| <<RedirectRule>> | Redirect all requests to. |  |
| Routing Rules a| Array of <<RoutingRule>> | Routing rules. |  |
|===

[[CompleteMultipartUploadResponse]]
=== Complete Multipart Upload Response

Configures the complete multipart upload response type.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| E Tag a| String | ETag. |  |
| Bucket a| String | Bucket name. |  |
| Bucket Key Enabled a| Boolean | Enables the bucket key. |  |
| Expiration a| String | Expiration. |  |
| Key a| String | Key name. |  |
| Location a| String | Location. |  |
| Request Charged a| String | Request charged. |  |
| Server Side Encryption a| String | Server-side encryption. |  |
| Ssekms Key Id a| String | AWS SSEKMS Key ID. |  |
| Version Id a| String | Version ID. |  |
|===

[[Condition]]
=== Condition

Configures the condition type.

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required

> | Http Error Code Returned Equals a| String | HTTP error code returned equals. |  |

Reviewer: What field names they come up with
